HELM-341: Documentation formatting cleanup (#484)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/panel_configuration/pages/expressions.adoc

Use them to combine or otherwise transform one or more series into a new series.

> For example, you could specify a filter to display the SUM of data from different attribute queries (e.g., available memory on two nodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you could specify a filter to display the SUM of data from different attribute queries (such as available memory on two nodes).
```

This section provides sample expressions to illustrate how to use them.
For additional documentation on expressions, see the following:

* https://docs.opennms.org/opennms/releases/latest/guide-development/guide-development.html#_measurements_api[Measurements API documentation] of your OpenNMS version
* https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-jexl/reference/syntax.html[JEXL syntax]

> == Creating an expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create an expression
```

image::pc-expression3.png[expression, 300]

> === Adding several series together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add several series together
```

You are running a distributed cache across multiple servers.
You want to determine the amount of memory available across all of the servers.

> First, create attribute queries on `memAvailReal` (the amount of real/physical memory currently unused
> or available) for each server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, create attribute queries on `memAvailReal` (the amount of real/physical memory currently unused or available) for each server:
```

image::pc-sum.png[sum, 300]

> === Adding a series with null value expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add a series with null value expression
```

> In situations where a value returned in a series is not a number (NA), using a null value will ensure your expression returns a number and not NA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In situations where a value returned in a series is not a number (`NA`), using a null value will ensure your expression returns a number.
```

> For example, if you are adding `Series A` plus `Series B`, and `Series B` is NA, but `Series A` is a number (e.g., "5"), then it becomes 5+NA, which equals NA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are adding `Series A` plus `Series B`, and `Series B` is NA, but `Series A` is a number (for example, "5"), then it becomes 5+NA, which equals NA.
```

> An expression that treats NA as a null value means the result would be 5+0, which provides a numeric answer, as in the following expression:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An expression that treats `NA` as a null value means the result would be 5+0, which provides a numeric answer, as in the following expression:
```

`(A == null ? 0 : A) + (B == null ? 0 : B)`

In fact, JEXL has an abbreviation for non-null, non-false ternary:

> `(A ?: 0) + (B ?: 0)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`(A ?: 0) + (B ?: 0)`

```
